<Tasks>

1.Make researches about what I need to learn or know more (more than 1hr 30min)
    a. then make a UX flowchart
    b. + Statemachine Diagram

2. Basic sprite settings
    a. Set up player object with Rigidbody2D, Collision 2D and Animator (20 min)
    b. Make some floor(blocks) or obstacles, NPC, etc.(35 min)
        & add some components like Collision 2D (20 min)


3. Sprite sheets animations
    a. Priority: transitions between Bouncing(idle) and walking&jumping (36 min)
    b. Make sure Animator states are triggered correctly by velocity (30 min)
    c. Player animation: flipping transition between right&left arrow keys (50 min)
    d. check transitions and tweak animation speed (30 min)

4. Player Movement and Control
    a. add horizontal movement with speed limits (30 min)
    b. adjust jump & detailed movements so that player doesn’t slide or fly away from the screen (30 min)
    c. Make sure player changes direction based on input (20 min)
    d. Test play physics & adjust forces like jumping heights, gravity...(30 min)

5. Player Interaction with Coins
    a. Priority: Create coin objects with collision triggers (30 min)
    b. Make sure that PlayerScript destroys coin objects upon collision (30 min)
    c. Test overall collision detection (30 min)


0927: Research day
<Notes after making some researches>
1. Reason for using Sprite sheets: to reduce batches (especially important in mobile game or apps)
2. How to check the number of the batches: Statics panel -> "Graphics"
3. Spliting the player GO, obstacles, background, etc: "Sorting layer" in inspector panel
4. Animator == Animation controller
5. "Avatar" in animator panel: someting related to 3D. (Not necessary in 2D)
6. How to adjust sprite sheets animation in a detailed way
    : "Windows"(on the upper side of the screen) -> Animation panel
7. How to turn on/off loop animation: click the animation controller -> 'Loop time' Checkbox on the inspector panel
8. How to speed up/down (animation) : Click Animator panel(somthing looks like a block coding) -> inspector panel -> 'Speed'



0928
Task: Ideation & making UX flowchart
    Thinking of making something like Supermario (Coins... blocks...)
    Planning to design GOs like a pixel art animations but not really sure wheter it would be possible
        -> Keep researching about how could I make pixel graphics in photoshop but doesn't really work for some reason
        -> decided to modify some license-free pixel art icons in clipstudio(illustration software) and use them as GO
    Made player character & added Rigidbody2D setting
    Made some square shaped blocks that player could step on
    Made 2 NPCs and put them on the ending point of the aligned blocks so that they could be look like an ending point


0929
Task: Making sprite sheets animations
    Going through the sprite sheets tutorial again (https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/introduction-to-sprite-animations#5fa66921edbc2a0020bcaae3)
    Made some more researches found out some Korean articles about sprite sheets (https://mekain80.tistory.com/91)
        + learned how to make the player filp depending on the direction of the arrow keys
    Basic animation settings: slicing the animation PNG image, naming each frame, etc
    Adjusting Bouncing animations of Player & NPCs because much slower movement looks better for them while coin spinning animations are better when they are super fast


0930
Task: Player Movement and Control
    googling how can I set up some detailed variables like MaxSpeed and JumpHeight
    just realized that there are so many gravity&friction-related variables that I could make or modify
        -> Doing some experiments with Physics material 2D: maybe I could apply this to the blocks(floor)
    started modifying some physics related to the Player GO: Linear drag, gravity, etc
    Trying to find out the best combination of physics variables: endless testplay
    Keep Testing basic movement and jumping mechanics
    Went through the sprite sheets tutorial again
        * Just wanted to 100% understand how to blend animations since I need animation transition between PlayerBounce(idle) and PlayerWalk(Walking&Jumping)


1001
Task: modifying PlayerScript
    Referring some youtube channels & videos that describing player GO movements
        also went through some of the videos in "Playlist for this class" (https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWKkYE6PraUKj77aOOnkRiXKyJRm6y4Ev&si=HlYNGbmb4IlQsjR2)
    Trying to use what I learned till last week while referring them
        e.g.: one of the Korean gamedeveloper youtube channel that I referred explained that we can use "(SetActive(false))" to make GO disappear
              but I guess I could use "Destroy(collision.gameObject);" instead
    Just Learned that I could use some mathmatic logics in the script
        -> so I used absolute value ("Mathf.Abs") when making animation transition


1002-1003
Task: Player Interaction with Coins & tweaking detailed movements
    Making all 3 coins disappear when player hit them
    Adjusting some speed limits regarding player's horizontal movements (MaxSpeed)
        + and also jumping movement (MaxHeight) 
    Endless testplay again